Clarified shared resources config. Added screenshots. (#1381)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/shared-resources.adoc

[[define-shared-resources]]

> == Defining Shared Resources

Reviewer: Going FORWARD, we need to reword titles that begin with a gerund (-ing) to use imperative (DO this) for tasks, which must comprise steps, and other noun-based titles for nontask content:
```suggestion
== Shared Resource Definition
```
OR should this be titled "Shared Resource Configuration," since the subtopics refer to configuration?

> You can configure the <<create_domain_project,domain project>> by defining shared resources in your `mule-domain-config.xml` file. You can define multiple resources in this configuration file. In Anypoint Studio, you can edit this file in the XML editor or using the graphic interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure your <<create_domain_project,domain project>> by defining one or more shared resources in your `mule-domain-config.xml` file. You can later edit this file in Anypoint Studio, if necessary, using either the XML editor or the graphic interface.
```

> === Configure Shared Resources in the Configuration XML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Shared Resource Configuration Using the Configuration XML
```
This is not a task (steps), so we should not use an imperative title.

Reviewer: Hmm...on second thought, if this is a task topic with just ONE step--add a module or connector configuration--then we can use the imperative title without having NUMBERED steps (because there is just one). 
I leave it to your discretion!  :-)

> You can configure shared resources by adding module or connector configurations to a domain's configuration XML.

Reviewer: To make it sound more like a step:
```suggestion
Configure shared resources by adding module or connector configurations to your domain's configuration XML.
```

               http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core/current/mule.xsd
               http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/domain http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/domain/current/mule-domain-ee.xsd">

    <!-- Example configuration for an HTTP Listener-->
    <http:listener-config name="HTTP_Listener_config" doc:name="HTTP Listener config" >
      <http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8081" />
    </http:listener-config>

</domain:mule-domain>
----

> === Configure Shared Resources in the Global Elements Tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Configure Shared Resources by Using the Global Elements Tab
```

> You can configure shared resources by creating connector configurations in the *Global Elements* tab in Anypoint Studio. Before you can create connector configurations using Studio, you must add the module to your project.

Reviewer: This is really two tasks: the prereq. task of adding the module and then creating connector config.
So, maybe we should handle it like this, if we want this to be one topic:
```suggestion
Configure shared resources by using the *Global Elements* tab in Anypoint Studio to first add a module to your project and then create connector configurations.
```

Reviewer: I'm a little confused by terminology: we say you have to first add a "module" to your "project" and then create "connector" configurations. Is adding a module the same as adding a connector? And are we adding to a "project," a "domain," or a "domain project"? 
This might not matter to your audience...unless that audience includes someone like me. lol

> For example, to add the HTTP connector to the domain project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to add Anypoint Connector for HTTP (HTTP Connector) to your domain project:
```

Reviewer: If we are adding a "connector," why do the steps refer to adding a "module"?

> . In the *Global Elements* tab, click *Manage Modules*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Global Elements* tab, click *Manage Modules*:
```

+
image:mruntime-domain-manage-modules.png[manage modules domain]

> . Click *Add Module*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Add Module*:
```

+
image:mruntime-domain-add-module.png[add modules domain]

> . Search for the module you want to add and click *Add >*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Search for the module you want to add and click *Add >*:
```

+
image:mruntime-domain-add-module-finish.png[add module finish domain]
. Click *Finish*.

> After you add the connector to the domain project, you can create a global configuration to use as a shared resource:

Reviewer: Does "after you add the connector to the domain project" refer to the previous steps about adding a module?

Reviewer: And does a "global configuration" = "configuration domain"?

> . In the *Global Elements* tab, click *Create*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Global Elements* tab, click *Create*:
```

Reviewer: So...*Global Elements* includes *Manage Modules* as well as *Create* (and *Create*) refers only to global configuration/configuration domain?

+
image:mruntime-domain-create-config.png[create config domain]

> . Search for the connector you added to the project and continue with the configuration steps.

Reviewer: Why is Search necessary? Is there a change in interface that is missing here? Doesn't all this take place in *Global Elements*?

Reviewer: "continue with the configuration steps" of what process? Configuring the connector, the domain, the shared resources...?
